fixed minor issues with ray cluster setup and launch (#873)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/aurora/data-science/inference/vllm.md

	```bash linenums="1" title="setup_ray_cluster.sh"
	--8<-- "./GettingStarted/DataScience/vLLM/setup_ray_cluster.sh"
	```

> From Head node, initiate ray cluster and execute vLLM serve:

Author: ```suggestion
From a login node, initiate the Ray cluster and execute vLLM serve:
```
